Oh, yeah.
All right, all right.
Thank you.
All right, yes.
Thank you, thank you.
From Hollywood, California,
Nerdmelt Theater,
Harmontown is now in session.
Yeah.
Yes, yes.
Yes.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, yes.
I am your Comptroller Jeff Bryan Davis.
Yes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
And keep that going for the mayor of Harmontown.
MC Mr. Dan Harmon.
Yo.
Give him a laugh.
Hip hop.
Hip...
Hold on. hip hop.
Hip hop.
Motherfucker
A hip hop is gotten sad and lonely
Largely auto-turn driven
I got sadness
I got hip hop sadness
Yeah, I got hip hop sadness
Why don't you call me on the phone?
Why don't you love me?
Why don't you paint me to fuck you?
Why don't you worship me?
Why are you trying to kill me?
I got bigger problems than you motherfucker
I'm a sad hip hop man
Paint me to fuck you
Or I'll shoot you
Just kidding
I'd rather shoot myself
Or do so many drugs
I didn't want to rhyme it with shelf
But what's she gonna do?
Yo, I got problems
And what?
I got problems in the
Middle
And the top of my dick
I got problems with all of them
Face
I got problems
I got lonely, sad
Drug-addled problems
I don't believe in God no more
But if I did it fucking so hard
And go out the door
I fucked a devil too
I'll go and rule in hell
And say how about you?
I would have fucked a devil hard
Cause I'm so sad and lonely
I'm a hip hop sad
Modern hip hop lonely man
And I got my
I got my auto-tune to pay
I could afford to be in a studio
Why?
Why is that a thing now?
I didn't share this
I don't want to sound old
But didn't share this
Why is everyone doing it?
It seems like the 80s
And there's some cool things about the 80s
I don't want to shit on them
Cause the Druffer brothers are here
And I think they like the 80s
I think they kinda like the 80s
But I don't like the ladies
Because they're just like a drug
The tops are fire in my soul
I hang myself with my clothes
Oh, my neck is broken
And my soul is empty
I'm a modern hip hop guy
I'm sad
It's almost hip hop
But it's not any less violent
I could have predicted this phenomenon
It's weird and kind of admirable
But fuck you mama
So hard she turned into a bull
It was ancient Greek in that regard
I'm gonna go across the river sticks
And cut myself with a shard of myself
I'm trying to...
I don't want to be like one of those guys
That's like, oh, I'm rapping
And then it's like
My name is something that I'm here to say
And then you're like, come on
The rap doesn't sound like that anymore
So I listened to more rap
And I was like, jeez, these guys are so...
They're so sad
It's really...
You really couldn't have predicted it
Cause it was...
Oh, is it...
I'm still...
They're so sad
Alright, so there's...
The knob that's supposed to change key
I guess I wish I knew more about music
I don't think that one works
I think we need to send that back
But then there's a knob that says
And it has two settings
Which we now know it shouldn't
It should be a continuum
But it's two settings or this
Which is 1999
The Prince definition
And then this
Which is just, you know, Alvin
That's the Parliament funkadelic voice
Yeah
We're going to a planet of music
Say atomic dodge
I hope you bring some pussy
It ain't about that
It's about music
What are you, gay?
No, I'm a human being
Sounds gay
Then maybe all humans are gay
Maybe we'd like to fuck music
You can do it somewhere else
Cause I'm straight
Because it's 1983
And I'm not allowed to be gay
Resulting in quite a lot of
fantastical costumes and hairstyles
Because when you put your thumb over a hose
It sprays everywhere
Oh, yeah
You're like, yeah
You're like the new Reggie Watts
What's that?
You're like the new Reggie Watts, I think
This is the new show
What does Reggie Watts do?
He's got a delay pedal, he's great
Oh, no!
I was not the first person to think of using it comedically
Oh, no
Oh, honey
Well, alright, I'll pull a rip card
I have some ventriloquist dummies in the back
I've got one that's on terrorists
Oh, they're not
But he's not too bright
He blows himself up
I make fun of him
So, I hear we have one guest here
Who wasn't here when we started the show
Oh, okay
Well, alright
Well, it's 9-11, so let's bring out Andy Dick
Well, I don't think it's him, I think it's just Dino
Oh, alright, well, it's 9-11, so let's bring out Dino
Happy 9-11!
Yeah, in remembrance, we're not going to point out when it becomes 9-11 tonight, I think
Tonight, it's all one big remembrance
Did you see the clip that was circulating?
The guy on the Stairmaster?
No
There was a fireman wearing all his gear and did 157 steps or whatever they did on the Stairmaster
I know, it's sad
I love misguided sincerity, I love that
I love it that that guy, I hope he was crying
I'm not because I want to make fun of him, but I can't
No, he was sad
I love that, I like that
There was a clip that was circulating from around 9-11 when, as the footage of the towers are falling
and Donald Trump, who then was only a Pizza Hut spokesman and reality show host
He's just talking about, and he knows 9-11 is happening
and he knows fully well, he's in a labyrinth of things to say wrong
He's just like, yeah, by the way, I'm over at a 60 Trump Boulevard or whatever
which was the tallest building before the World Trade Center
and then for a while it was the second tallest, but now it's the tallest again
I didn't watch the actual clip, but that's the description of what's happening
is that he's just like, why not?
What can happen? I'm famous for my honesty and my charm
Why don't I just go right through those saloon doors and just start whipping around like a little carousel
It's so hacky that his name is Trump, that's all he cares about
Yeah, he cares about Trump
I'm saying God's hacky, not me
No, yeah, yeah
Did you see my Reggie Watts?
I just got out of band practice, I could use that for my voice
because I'm not a good singer
I'm starting a band, you know that
I'm just telling the world
You've started a band?
So you're here because Farrell Audio now has a show with you and Andy on it
That's right, yeah
called Skull Juice
Yeah, it's just like, I kind of just do it because Andy needs someone to talk to every now and then
Like everyone's cut him out of his life
Yeah, and he's like, well you guys just did this thing where you went
Yeah, we just went to New York and we read an old script that I wrote with Scott Attson, Stephen Colbert and Mike Steinoff of TV's Blossom fame
He played the older brother, Anthony, the ex-drug addict
Tony Blossom?
Yeah, the only person less famous was me there, up on this
Louis was on, yeah, we wrote Louis into the script
And yeah, we went to New York
You guys did a reading of the script that you had written in the old days that was kind of like before 30 Rock
It was like a script you had written that was like behind the scenes at an L-type show
That's right, yeah
Barry Levinson hired me to write it
He wanted it to be like behind the scenes of an Ed Sullivan show with like jugglers and monkeys and stuff
And I'm like, I have no fucking clue what that means
I said, what about SNL?
He's like, that's a dumb idea
And we argued the whole time, but so this was kind of like a hybrid
But yeah, so then we went reddit and Smigal was part of it, Robert Smigal
And yeah, it was fun
Everyone had a good time except for Andy, does Andy hear you?
So I could talk behind his back
He was so depressed afterwards
He's like, why was I even there? It was all about you and your friends
And how you keep in touch with people
He's such a, like I always, he was on Great Minds, the history channel thing
And it's like, he's amazing, he'll be here any second
He's very funny and wonderful
He's great, yeah
When he's like, somebody said he's right here, what is it?
Is he like, just bring him in
There he is!
Yeah
Thank God you walked in when I said you were great
You didn't hear that?
No, I did
I said, yeah, he's great
Like that
Alright, yeah, I mean, he's putting it in vibrate
Happy 9-11, buddy
No, no, I'm putting it on, I'm Snapchatting these lovely people
Look at them, I love them
Hi everybody, say hi
Look, oh, how sweet
Oh, grumpy cows
Grumpy cows
I think we were about to talk about, well, what I would like to talk about with Andy
Because I, I mean, it's easy enough to go like, oh, Andy, Andy's amazing
Like, I think, you know, there's a little phase of your career where it's like, you know
Like the clown prince or like, you know, people are going like, oh, Andy Dick
And then you, like, there's an unspoken like, like, you know
Oh, him
Yeah, cautionary, you know, it's like, you were, I always looked at you as like, pan
Like, from Greek mythology, like, you're a pan
Like, where we, where we get the word panic
Sexy
It's like, like, half goat and he's got a flute and he like, comes down the mountain
And causes fucking hysteria and craziness and like, like, for the sake of it
And then either disappears or gets beat up by Wesley Snipes in a bathroom
Did you, did you have an encounter with Wesley Snipes?
Okay, yeah, all right, so, but, but, but
Can I tell you what happened with that?
I, but I think I know
Well, I dropped the end bomb
Right
It was, you know
Oh, that's bad, Andy
That's a no-no
We have a whole podcast, our whole podcast that just went up, sorry, I don't want to derail
But it's about how Andy read an article about how black people's eyes have been
They've been bred to have their eyes pop out
When they're scared
So what, about, what?
Well, that's, that's, okay
Let's move along from that
Was the article in Hustler?
There was no article, it was my philosophy
What?
Oh, you didn't tell me that
You told me you read it somewhere
Because I was trying to get away from it
And then we talked about
There's a whole group of black people that can, their eyes, they can just go thunk and their eyes pop out
What do you, is that your, are you saying what if there was, is that your
No, there is
Yeah, a lot of black people can make
Is there something wrong with it?
And then I just thought that, I think
Well, it's a road player, the phrase black people
It makes, it just makes people do what they should in traffic, which is like, no, they just go like, okay
And do, do their feet also do their duty when they run?
No, come on, no, I'm serious then, and I don't like saying African American
Because they're not from Africa
It takes too much time, too
Black, I don't know, I'm white, they say white when I'm black
I think black people's fine, it's not a magical phrase that makes people think you're a bad person
I was just saying, like, it puts everybody, it puts millennials, they cover the break
They go like, okay, I'm, it's bumper to bumper, I'm gonna go 35 instead of 45
That's what, that, because they're, they've seen shit
Like, they were born into it, like, they're not, it's not like
Like, I think our generation goes like, what are these people, after all this time
What are they so worried about and complaining about, it's like, they just got here
And all they've seen is fucked up shit
Like, we actually, like, kind of because we were, because we lived through no internet
And then into internet, our perception as Gen Xers, whatever we are
Is that, oh, everything was fine until everyone started talking about it
That's our, that's been like the fiber of our being
And then the new generation is typified by just their relate, they just, they were born
And they're like, mama, dad, internet, and the internet was like
The cops will shoot you if you're black, and they're like, why, what's that mean
And they're like, you know, what, and then there's like, fuck you, libtard
And they're like, what the fuck is happening
They get a fire hose of information to the face every day
I mean, you're just saying people shouldn't listen to our podcast
And I think you're right
No, I think it's good
I'm trying to, I'm trying to, I'm trying to think more, I'm trying to think more laterally about it
And just go, these are the things that make us different
For that reason, like we had Karen Kilgariff on last week
And she, she hosts a true crime show
And we talked about it, it's like, well true crime through a certain lens
It's like, it's totally insensitive and non-PC
Because you're like having fun talking about people getting killed and like blah blah blah
But it's like, it doesn't, there is no person out there that's like
I'm gonna, I'm gonna figure out what's right and what's wrong
It's just like, when you look at people as a biomass
And then they emanate like these weird things
I'm sure everybody would be, would love to tune in and listen to you guys
Like transgress a million thresholds a minute
Because it's not, it doesn't mean that they're bad people for listening and stuff
Well I was listening to it, and I was getting angry
But I got angry because we went into a whole
Tyrate about what's going on
We're scoping now
We are scoping
Right, is that what that is? It's scoping
Periscoping?
No, he's Snapchat, right?
Although I was big on it for a one-hot minute
On Periscope
What are you streaming there then?
Facebook Live
Oh, that's where it's at now
I should have asked, but
Oh yeah, no
No, no, no, we're streaming you
No, it's not happening anywhere
It's happening right here
You know, this is all being videoed
We're scoping
No, but I, you know, for the people
Wherever, let me tell you something
I was periscoping
I was periscoping once
And people make fun of me for doing that
Sure
We also went in about like
Here's what it is
What my thought on that
What I think popping out is
That, well, the eyes will pop out
Like they can go, watch this, watch this
All you can, they can make them hot out
And I think that they were
They were bred maybe
Like they were the one
Not that they were
Don't worry about them
He didn't need to say
I think that back in
This is just a weird thought I had
And that is, you know, when
You know, the thing, yeah
When we don't have an audience
We can roll around about it
Roll around the mud
When there was horrible, horrible things
Going on, especially in our country
The slavery days
Which is still hard to
Even wrap my head around
That it was really in our lifetime
And it's really now even still
Racial shit is still horrible
Alright, so you're anti-slavery
Which should soften the blow
Of what you're about to say
Which is you believe that
A forced breeding program
To create a comedic effect
I just had the thought
You know, you're not gonna like it
I really don't even know why I brought it up
I just had the thought that
How come I can't make my eyes pop out
And I don't know any white people
That can make their eyes pop out
I think back in the day
When they were chasing down someone
They'd be so afraid
Their eyes would pop out
And then they'd be like
That one's funny
Let's keep that one around
It's a fucking thought
And that would be bad
It's just a thought
So I was listening back to the podcast
And I was laughing, I thought we were great
I read it, by the way
I read it in Vanity Fair
What? Oh, you read the thing about the eye-popping?
So we started talking
And then we went into
Because on community
We were talking about
How a black writer was talking
About how black people
Were afraid to buy watermelon
Not afraid, but embarrassed to buy watermelon
Because of the stigma
Of a black guy with watermelons
So sometimes they would have
White people buy it for them
And we're talking about how not fair it is
Because watermelons delicious, I know you don't like it
But it's great, everyone loves it
And then we talked about fried chicken
And our favorite fried chicken place
Ah, that's not a pop out
But then we talked about Popeyes
And we didn't mention
That the name is Popeyes
The name of the place is called Popeyes
Oh my god
Yeah
Is that why?
Look, I'm caught
In the cult of Andy right now
No, it's just a thought I had
Why didn't we put two and two together?
No, we didn't mention it
So I gave you that gift on your podcast
Thank you
We almost can go home now
I know
I want to talk about
I want to talk about the aspect of Andy
He's not famous for
If anything, you're famous for
You know, people would assume
Well, you probably thick skinned
Because you're such an agent to chaos
I can take it, except you wouldn't know that last night
I went to get a cup of coffee
Last night, at midnight
Who does that? But I did
And there were these two ladies in front of me
I have to tell you this real quick
And these two ladies are in front of me
And right when I walked in
The guy was like
Oh, no, not you
Oh, we know you
No, no, no
You go crazy on coffee
caffeine drives you mad
And I just said, oh yeah
Well, yeah, it's me
And I just want a cup of coffee
And then they talked
And we're talking, they were done
They were done ordering, done getting their stuff
And they just kept talking about some bar they were going to
And I was just patiently waiting
I just really just want a cup of coffee
But I didn't say that, I was just standing there
And then they left
And then I said, yeah, I just want a cup of coffee
With cream
And then he was talking
And ignoring me
Kind of put the coffee mug over here
And he didn't start up the coffee
There's a thing, it's this one on Kowango
Where it's a drip thing and you press a button
And then I was waiting
I think that's every street coffee works like that
And it felt like five minutes
And I said, so does it just happen
The coffee
The mug isn't even
And he went, oh yeah, you wanted coffee
At the coffee place
And so he took the mug and put it under the thing
And then started pressing buttons
Were you just not
Gonna make it
And then this guy came in
Immediately after
And then the guy said, oh
Are you guys closed or something
And he said, yes
And we're just doing illicit deals right now
And I went, no, no
I'm just getting a cup of coffee
I'm pretty sure they're open
Just getting a cup of coffee
I was getting like
This is what happened, this has never happened before
Because usually I just take it
You said fixed skin and it's true
And I just take it and I take it
And I snapped last night
You guys would have been so proud of me
I fucking said no one was there
I don't know if you know what pride is
No one was there
He left
And then he started
Remaking my coffee and doing my coffee
And I said
Something, he said one more comment
You know, you're that guy
And I said
Something to the effect of, well
Sometimes I'm just a guy that just wants a cup of coffee
But thanks
I get it because it's the life I created
And you're in good company
Because everybody makes fun of me
Letterman, Conan, Harmon, you're in good company
So I get it
And once again, I deserve it
I deserve it because I'm an idiot
I'm an idiot, I'm an idiot
Actually, can I tell you something
It's kind of a serious thing
You know what it is like
Just to point it out
If I came in with crutches
And I was like a cripple
And you said, hey, sorry, we don't have a ramp for you
Gimpo the clown
It's kind of like that, but I'm okay
I'm just saying, watch yourself for other people
That might not be okay with it
But I'm perfectly fine with it
But just be careful
Because some people might snap
He's like, no, I didn't mean it like that at all
And I went, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
No, you said right when I walked in
You said, whoa, we know you, not you
What does that mean? No, I
I don't even know that part about you
Like what, that I'm a big drug addict
Alcoholic, he's like
That's what I said, he said
Yeah, no, I just know, you know, you're a celebrity
And I smell bullshit
And I'm like, oh, okay
Then what's your favorite thing I've ever done?
He said, well, I don't know
He said, I don't know
I don't really know what you do
I mean, that's my point, you know me from being a fucking moron
I admit it, I admit
And then that's what you were doing
You were kind of going with the fucking flow
And making fun of me in front of those people
And then the next guy comes in, oh no, we're just doing an illicit deal
You're talking about drugs, right?
And so you're lying and fuck you
Oh my god, I am so proud of you
I am proud of you, I'm very proud of you
I normally am not like that
I feel responsible
Nobody, I rise to feel proud
Because I never stick up for myself like that
And I said, fuck you
But by the end, we had made up
And I was, his dad's an alcoholic
And I understood where I was coming from
And then I was crying and I'm like, now I'm an asshole
Wait, this continued and he started apologizing
And broke down because he's an alcoholic
Yes, and we both had a
It was a cathartic thing
And I said, you know what, can I be honest with you
You helped me so much right now
That you were just like this opening
For me to, I guess I carry that
With me everywhere I fucking go
And I don't have thick skin, I guess
And when people make fun of me
I'm just getting smaller and smaller
And sadder and sadder
That's what I was going to talk about
Because through one lens, you're like
You're like this Pokemon
That like, you
You have some quirky name
And you curl up into a ball
And your exploits are like
Well, it's not like
You're a rude
The self-destruction is always
Higher than the rudeness
Which I think kind of equates to like
It's like, oh, thick skin
And he's fine
He's an equal opportunity offender
And he puts himself at the top of the list
Because he ends up being like
Throne out of every bar and blah blah blah
This is when you're off the wagon
Like me out
Yeah, that's a Pokemon
Is that what a Pokemon? Yeah, yeah
You guys know how to talk to your crowd
But on the other hand
They're me, man
On the other hand, I've never met anybody
I think I'm not exaggerating when I say this
I'm trying to think
It's hard to think up here
But I think
I've never met anybody with
Your particularly
Sensitive whisker
About
You can go
From such a high
And I'm not talking about
On the wagon and just you
I'm not talking about
You can go from such a high mood
And you're funny
And you're having a good time
And then it seems like a bit at first
But you can take this roller coaster
Plunge and it really is tied
To like
It's the most absurdly
Microscopic mention
Of someone
Liking someone else
Any kind of girls
We could be hanging out on a porch
And the one is so beautiful
And you could be cracking me up
With your stories
Just being funny and cool
And then like
We're both thinking the same thing
On the set of Great Minds
That's happened before with you and me
Where it's like oh that cloud is shaped
Like Paul Rudd
I love Paul Rudd
I'm going to get another lemonade
I don't know why didn't she get Paul Rudd
Another lemonade
And it always seems like a bit
And then bring back the lemonade
And it's just like this is good
You're so nice, thank you
And really hanging out with you
What is it with Paul Rudd
It's like Jesus Andy
That Paul Rudd thing never happened
But it did happen
With Nick Kroll
I mentioned
Nick Kroll on the set of Great Minds
It was like he has a show you guys probably know
That Great Minds show
Nick had I guess just done it
And did a great job
I was bringing it up
He wouldn't shut up about
How great he was
But he was trying to compliment you when he brought it up
He was just talking about how great Nick did
See
I just had done it that day
Where I was leaving
He didn't say and you did real good today
He didn't even have that part in there
All about Nick
What about me
Listen
I brought it up because it was
Connecting the dot
I haven't had this much fun since
Nick Kroll was on it or something like that
I didn't hear that part
I really didn't
I'm so sorry
You heard haven't had fun
Nick Kroll
And think about
That kind of weird monster
I must be through your eyes
If you think it's possible that you'd be
Shitting the bed and in order to cope with it
I'd be like I love Nick Kroll
He never shits the bed
It was worse than that
In my mind I honestly thought
You were trying to take me out
Never trust your mind
It's insane
It has historically steered you wrong
I think I had to
Call you and say I think he's
Fucking with me
I doubt it
He's too lazy
He doesn't like confrontation at all
Fucking with someone
Seriously I really did
I'm not lying
I thought he was fucking with me and I thought
He was being mean
So embarrassing
But let's talk about that
Because I'm sure there's a lot of people listening
The coffee guy maybe
He was serious
I think people who are ultra sensitive
portray themselves as not sensitive at all
And that's what you go out and you do
It's almost like cutting or something
You develop like this
Because you know how fucking risky
The world is, yes
That's what I want to talk about
Because I can relate
Oh my god, this world could fucking
Undo me
Nothing
But that took a certain
Face on the playground
We developed these
Really specific numbnesses
People that gravitate
Towards microphones and cameras and things
It's like this weird
Inversion where you
Callous yourself over
In all of the places that normal
People would be sensitive
Because you just
Develop that cow catcher on the front of your train
You're just like, okay, that's the spot
Where there's gonna be impact
And then ironically, you put so much
Energy into that, you have these
It's like if Batman just had naked
Flesh
Here but had like a bulletproof
Titanium thing and it was just like
Naked, you could see his ribs and his acne here
Everybody was just like, get him like that
And he was like, oh god damn it
I should quit being Batman
I'm fascinated
By these cow catchers on trains
They really have those?
They catch cows
Swooping metal things
To catch cows? No, to get them along
Oh, that's not a hurt
And then the cow probably dies
Oh, it dies? It saves the train
Oh that's nice, it's good
Do you think that
Trains aren't endangered species
Do you think that you project things
That aren't there or do you think
You're like, is it about
Like I characterize it as a cat whisker
Me? No, my thing happened
I've been thinking about this recently
It went all the way back
It's happening again, but this time
I think I know what to do
And how to handle it
First of all, I'm 50
And I've been through it a bunch
But what happened is
We did the Ben Stiller show
I can't believe you're 50
You seem like 6
A lot of 50 year olds do that
That's the new thing
Then
I just catapulted out of there
On to news radio
And I played this
I remember the audition for news radio
Paul Sims had me come in and read
For the network and everybody
And the writers and I did it
And I guess I fell flat
But before the audition
In the room I was talking like this
This is going to be fun
Phil Hartman and Dave Foley
And this is going to be wild
So anyways, I'm going to do my audition
Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah
Whatever you guys need from me
Disappointed with my audition
And Paul said, can I tell you something
Did you see how he was before the audition
Before he started reading the part
And after, that's how he's going to be
So we're going to write for him
And then that's what they did
And I became this kind of like
Warm and fuzzy character that people on the street
Always wanted to just touch
And hug and all that
But I wasn't always that person
And so I built up this thing
Yeah, I really did
Full force into drugs and alcohol
And I started like a punk band
And I made another persona
That that one I can't shake now
I always felt like
And when I say something like I always felt
I'm not qualified
One of the things that I love about you
Is that you don't punish people like me
For just speculating
Like I get
Back in the 90s
I would get mad at people
Talking about you
Because I would be like
Because I have my own issues
And the whole
You have a problem with substances
I just don't like the way normie norms handle it
And I don't indulge in that stuff
In spite of the fact that I think
Now I'm 43, you're 50
I've had enough
Drinks with you
I've seen enough to think
I think it's a great idea for you to be sober
Like I really do
Why am I here?
I was planning my next relapse
It's been almost two years
Which is fucking amazing
No, it's not enough
Not enough
Don't applaud two years
God damn it
It's not an accomplishment
People
It is though
Because you were on and off
Like a goddamn yo-yo
I'm gonna drink again
No, shut up
Why?
It's a nightmare
I can't ever again
I can't even comprehend that
Did you have a timer set on your phone
That's now in that guy's hands
Was that it?
I have an app that tells me how much time I have
Are we still good?
We're not cutting into that, right?
Because I know you have somewhere to be after this
Oh, you're right
I have another show
When he's gonna stop drinking
Delete that
Can I be honest with you, this is far more important
I just want you to be doing what you want to do
With all the information you can have
So here's the question
I want to ask you
Keep going
I've seen your relationship
With our medicine
I've seen your relationship with our
Wait, are you talking about drugs and alcohol
Is our medicine? It really is
If I didn't have drugs and alcohol
For 30 years, I started drinking when I was 14
So it's been like 30 or more years
I would have killed myself
I'm sorry, I really would have killed myself
Or I would have been prescribed something
Maybe that would have worked, maybe
I don't know, I never did any of those
But drugs and alcohol work for me and I love them
But the other
The other thing that works for you
The other thing that works for you is
Attention
This does take the place of that
When we were hanging out
We were doing that Comedy Central thing
He was creating a show for me
He was creating the new Andy Dick show
For me
And then, I don't know, things got a little hairy
I don't know what happened
I remember just having a bunch of fun
Doing a lot of coke
Robin Williams was hanging out with us
We were having fun, then he's like, I'm out
And then I see communities
Created by Dan Harmon
No, it did, all of a sudden
Listen one more time
He just left
To do his funny little show
That you guys all love
And then left me high and dry
In the middle of a drink
And then all of a sudden he's gone
No, there was a lot of shit that happened
In the middle of that drink
Well, I don't remember that stuff
I'm proud of that
I'm not mad about it
Because I would have left me
I wouldn't have even started
I can't believe you Comedy Central
Looked at the outline that we turned in
And said, I know this is going to be a stereotype
Because we bought that show
And now we don't want it
And I was like, what?
It was Comedy Central
So you didn't leave
No, I didn't leave
But I want to make sure
Because I want to know
So I should watch communities
You draw in your head
Just watch your episode
I'm in it
I thought he was fucking with me
With that
Because they were like, listen
I wrote you in community
And I'm like, great, and you're doing this
Is it a big part? No
Is it a big part?
But you do a scene with Chevy Chase
And I'm like, fuck yeah
I love the guy really, and I know
All your thing with him
I fucking love him
Because he's the original
I know you
He was
And this one you must have been fucking with me
Because I get to the set
So my scene
I see is with Chevy Chase
Maybe we should meet up
We can talk about the scene
He's not here, what yet
He's not going to be here
You're going to be doing it on a green screen
Did you look at the script
We're putting you on a green screen
And we're going to shrink you down
Chevy Chase's shoulder
So talk about a big part
I was this fucking big
And there wasn't even a cardboard
Cut out of Chevy Chase to act with
I was by myself
You didn't even show up
I was doing a monologue to a camera
I had cast Andy Dick as
Chevy Chase's drug addiction
I didn't need to be there
It suits itself
But it's fine
That's the coffee guy from last night
That's my point
Fuck this, I'm out
I wasn't pretending
Not to know you had exploited you
That's the part that got me
When he pretended
That made me really mad
Sorry, I just don't know who you are
I said own up to it man
I said it
I'm proud
I just started out of love
I want to try to draw a connection
Between the medicine
That is attention
And you're one of those people
That really lights up
When people are focused on you
And like I said earlier
To the point where you could experiment
With that vocoder
We can turn the dial of mentioning Paul Rudd
And you can...
That's what happened
I think that the world saw
How easy I am
So like a little bit of a whore
And then they're like now let's poke with them
And let's do that
And then it fucking drove me insane
And I've been to 20 different rehabs
I've lived like 3 years in a facility
I live in one right now
I'm in a facility
When I leave here I go and I go back to a sober living
But it's nice right?
I love it, it's on the beach
You don't have to feel it
And I'm the only one in this one house
I mean I got it made
That's the one thing
That's the one catch
That's how they get you
You know I do think
About that if I took one fucking sip
It's gone
My house is gone
You would look at me different
You said it on stage with Tina Fey
I wouldn't look at you at all
You'd see the back of my head
Tina Fey was right next to us
And I said that I still want to drink
I want to drink right now
I had a fucking glass of wine tucked into her cunt
Everybody's drinking
Scotch and Steve Colbert
Drinking and everyone
I want to drink
You said if you drink I'm leaving right now
And he means it
I don't want him to leave
Have you seen him drunk?
Nightmare
It's bad
The medicine of attention
I just want to talk about the relationship
Because there's a couple different models here
That we could use
I'm curious
In your mind
Would it be easy to stay sober
For 20 years
If during every minute of that 20 years
Everybody was like
You're very funny
You're beautiful
I've been thinking about this
When that needle goes off
I could supplement that
With the other thing that makes me
That takes my brain
Because we're talking about numbness
You have such a high degree of empathy
That you can feel people
You knew that guy was fucking around
Like you're hypersensitive to that
That makes you a good entertainer
Your curse to bear then
Is that
That seismograph
Is designed to measure fucking
Kittens walking across the kitchen floor
So the Northridge Quake
Is a little tough sometimes
When somebody is like
And you're like
I want to kill myself
If something really super bad happened
It would be just curts
You're talking to the two guys
Who love drinking more than anything
Who hate it when people don't drink
We hate it when people don't drink
Me and you
We love it when he doesn't
That doesn't seem fair
There's got to be other things
You can do that I can't
See holy hell
I just saw it
I have this weird thing that all celebrities
And me included create a
Mini fucking
What's it called
You have it this is your little mini cult
No
Yes and it's not a bad thing
I kept looking at that guy going
He's not that bad
I want a cult
You have one
I do
What do you think
Do you see that situation as untenable
Is there an adjustment that you could make
Because I like
Can we talk for a second just about therapy
Are you in therapy? I mean it all the time
I live at that place
Our podcast is therapy
I approached Dino
And begged him
I just asked him if he could please just hang out
Because I wanted to get to the bottom of why
He left me in the first place
Years ago he just like
Stopped talking to me
I couldn't get him on the phone I'm like
That hurt me so much
My marrow and we've never like
Sucked each other's cocks or anything
I'm the only person he's never been attracted to
What are you going to do
Look at him
There's like no wrong answers on that podcast
It's like yeah black people's eyes pop out
Love it
Don't listen to the podcast
Don't listen to our podcast
He drops the end bomb like for no reason
I do it here
I stopped doing it here when people started applauding
Let it go, let it go creepy
Yeah, but I think it's true
About the millennials
They're new to the party
And we have to respect them
I think that it's like
Yeah, but can you sense
I think you can or maybe it's
Even more interesting if you can't because
Look what happened you came out and you were like
Like a bull in a china shop
But instead of china it was like hot buttons
Our first sale in the shop
It's not a shop you're not supposed to be in there
You're a bull in a fucking racist
Thai ride
Every button you could push
And even though you're being told
Like oh they don't like that
Like you
Then all of a sudden five seconds later
Like we've switched gears
Into a one night show
With Andy Dick where you're telling
Stories and people are leaned in and they're sharing
With you because you're talking about your pain
You're talking about what it means to be Andy Dick
In a Starbucks
You adapted
Because you're like a freaky stem cell
Mystique character that's like
Because you
Love making people happy
But it has to be you
And that's like
Well that's all I have
Well I mean yeah you can't
You're so
But it's not about that you're happy
You're not happy that people are happy
You're happy that you make people happy
Like if someone next to you makes someone happy
You're gonna be like why am I even here
On earth
That's exactly what happens
That's what it is
And by the way it does happen
But I'm better at that
You're better in New York
New York City we did this
Our Skull Juice podcast
And that's what I was getting at
I approached Dino and I'm like
Can you be my friend
I miss you and I just want to be
He's like let's start a podcast
I'm like I don't really
Fine if it means you're gonna be my friend
Let's do it and then I thought
No one's gonna listen to this
And we'll just talk and I'm gonna get to the bottom
Of why he left me and I've been
I have a lot of insights after we talk
And I want to do another one
I call him the next day
Can we do another one today
Yeah he loves hating me
And by the way he hates doing the podcast
At one hour he's like we're done
I'm like no we're just gonna
But in New York it was
And you know rightfully so unfair enough
It was all about Dino and that's fine
I wasn't fine with it in New York
It was Dino created this thing
And it was Tina Fey and Stephen Colbert
And all those people I don't know if you heard about it
What's his name? Louis C.K. showed up
And Scott Adset and
Am I missing anybody?
And Smigol Triumph
The insult comic dog
And oh look that's him
It's a skeleton!
His eyes bugged out
And Dino created
This night I
Started having this great
Appreciation for you
And like Stephen Colbert
Texted him
And said hey I listened to your first
Skulljuice podcast
And I'm like he did he's like yeah
So Stephen texted him and said
Yeah you were gonna read the script that you got
That he had written with Stephen
And then you never got to it because it was all about me
You know we never got to this script
Hey he's like I listened to a whole fucking podcast
He was? Oh he hated it
No I don't think he hated it
I was trying to get a laugh
But see I almost went into that spider web
Anyway anyway
Everyone's scared
So then Dino just said
Offhandedly why don't we
Just do it live on stage and then
Within a week everybody's live fucking on stage
Because Dino sent us to and they're all on stage
You guys are like almost you're the
Opposite on one axis which is the Dino
Does that he doesn't give a fuck
And then everyone feels
Safe I guess
I guess it's that old thing
Secret he does care about that's what I'm getting
He does
I don't know if it's that secret
But he doesn't yeah well anyway
I don't know if it's obsessed
We've got Paul Rudd here tonight
So we need one of the chairs
You have a heart out
If you want
There's Paul Rudd here
No Paul Rudd's here
He really is
Then I'll leave
Why was I here at all
Don't you have to go
Stephen Colbert
Paul Rudd really is here
Yeah yeah yeah
No Paul Rudd's not here
Jesus Christ
You got me
No I'm mad
I have a show in Bourbon
Let's thank Andy Dick for bearing his soul
And he'll come back
Andy Dick everybody
He's
He ain't even working out in the kinks
Is this Hanover here
Do we have the nut?
It'll be okay
Well that was a weird event
But now it's time
For some stranger
Things
I should
Go too right in the corner of the stage
No no you stay here
Matt and Ross Duffer
The Duffer Brothers
Double book
Hi guys
Sorry
I braced you for
Having to wait
And you're fine with it
Thanks for putting us after
Andy Dick
Posting
Gliding on the momentum baby
Alright so
So everybody wants to know
How do you tell them apart? I'll tell you
I figured it out
They're kind of like the Duplass brothers
You can't tell them apart either
I know
Duplass decided to have to google them
And then look and go okay yeah I can't tell them
But then the guys
The animals guys who aren't even brothers
Much less twins
But these guys are easy
Matt has a
Shock of white hair in front
Which is a welcome Matt
For you're remembering his name
Ross
Is raw
He's not cooked yet
So he doesn't have gray hair
How do you remember
The word mnemonic
I think
Of the word phenomenon
I
Think of pneumonia
Because I need to
Have mnemonics because I'm such a cold person
I can't tell people apart
I do that's how I
Remember the word mnemonic
Alright you guys are into your
There's nothing I could
You guys are
He's not going to start drinking again is he
Yeah thanks to everyone
Here
We didn't do anything
They groaned every time I said I didn't want him to drink
I hate it when he says
He says like
I really thought he was going to drink
I'm amazed that he didn't do anything
And by the way
I'm talking now like the people I hated in the
2000's I was like fuck you guys
You don't care but it's like
We're so old
That it's like now I'm like actually
Sincerely like come on man don't drink
Oh I care I work with them
Oh hi guys
So you guys are now
Writing Season 2 Stranger Things
Correct
So first let's talk about
Everyone keeps calling it title sequence
But it's not a sequence of anything
It's neon letters in an amazing font
With a cool John Carpenter type
Song. Who's this
Composer
Who did the music for?
These guys named Kyle and Michael
They're part of this band called Survive
Out of Austin
And we made this little
When we tried to sell the show
We made this little trailer
We put all these clips from old movies
Together with Spielberg or Carpenter
Whatever tried to get the vibe across
And some of it was John Carpenter
Music that we used
But then for the end
Epic end of this trailer
We used anything and we used music from this band
So when it came to the show
We just
They had regular
One of them sold used synthesizers
You don't make money
In an instrumental like synth band
You can't make money
You don't have a living
So I called them up
At first we had to convince
Netflix and the producers
And they let us do it
And then we called them
To get your jobs
To do this
Are you kidding me?
Now they'll be fine
Because your show is big enough
They can just go on touring
With the synth band
It's crazy
I always wonder
When you see a toyota commercial
And you hear a song you really like
And then you look it up
And you buy the album and it's the only
I'm not saying these guys are that
No idea
But I always wonder about the phenomenon
Of being a band
Who all of a sudden
I will look at the 88
I wonder sometimes
They were big enough
They were using
Their music was like in shampoo commercials
And then Joe Russo said
We should use them for the theme cycle
I always wonder what their relationship is
If they hate it or love it
I'm sure they love it
I don't know what's going to happen
They're barely scraping by right now
But they're going to be great
Are you guys from Austin?
No
Durham, North Carolina
Asheville?
Durham
I have a neurological disorder
You may have heard of it
In Wired Magazine
It's pretty chic
Diagnosed myself on the internet
So
Okay
So here's something interesting about you guys
You are twins
But
We met at lunch
The waitress came over
And said are you guys twins?
And she said identical
And I've never heard this response before
You guys said we don't know
We might be
We assume we are
You could clear that up with a blood test
But we've gotten to the point where you don't want to know
We don't know what it would psychologically do
No
I think if it came back we were identical
We'd feel fine and we'd be the same
But if it came back that we weren't
I don't think you are
You're not even wearing the same shirt
He bases all of his knowledge
About twins on like
Chimpanzee shows from the 60s
I don't want to know
I think it could fuck us up
What shocks me is that it's possible in this modern era
You guys were born into
A stainless steel honeycomb
You were born into THX 1138
You were born in underground too
Andy's still here
Oh shit
I didn't
I love that show so much
I can go on and on and on
You know what show he doesn't love
His own show
You know what there's a Volkswagen blocking my car
That's why I came back
I didn't know that this was the people from Stranger Things
So this is fucking why can't I
Stay
I'm serious
This is fucking amazing
That show I gotta talk to you guys about
Why and how it's so amazing
Alright we'll go ahead
No this is your show I gotta go
But can somebody move there as like a black
No we want you to talk to them now
I have a show there's a whole audience
Fuck your show
You're mean
I have a few questions
I'll go get the Volkswagen
Whose car is that
Well there's so many good
The acting and the writing
And the way
It's so
You really
You know what I relate to when I'm a writer
I will relate to that character
Because the way that
I don't know if you guys directed her in this way
Or whatever but she is that person
Where everything
About her and she even says
I know I think crazy I know
I know but I'm not
I saw things in the wall and the lights
And the more she screams
The more crazy she sounds
I love that
Yeah you talked the lamps
I love it
Yeah I did
We cast
I think we had one script written and we cast her
And it was like a very different role
It was like a tough smoking long island
Mom and then we had Winona
And I love the idea of Winona
And then we started to talk about Richard Dreyfus
And Closer Countries we started talking about
What's cool about Winona
And that's what I love about television
That you can evolve
All the kids were cast
We had one script written and we rewrote
That script based on all these kids
And we just wrote to all of them
We wrote to Winona and they made the show
I think they made the show so much better
More interesting everything was much more
Stereotypical
All of them are great
And the kids are amazing
Everybody's so good you did such a great job with casting
And writing and the way you shoot it
And everything
That other guy that I just fucking love
Is the lead man
The police officer
What a fucking train wreck
Immediately he's popping pills
Smoking he doesn't give a shit he's drinking
He hates his job
But he's a fucking hero
Remember that first time
When he just fucking knocked the guy out
That was back in the 70's when you can do that
There weren't
He just fucking knocked him out
And I'm like fuck hero
That's a real hero
I can't have him listen to this
No but the funny thing
Why he didn't like doing that
He loves punching people
He will love everything that you're saying
He's a real Andy Dick
By the way
The way he plays it
No one's moving that Volkswagen
So I'm gonna go out and key it in a second
Yeah we gotta move it
Uh oh
He really well
But back to my medical question
She's like how do you not
Is that we're born at the same time
How do they not have your DNA
In a hologram
They either aren't identical twins
That's the thing I don't understand
It's like you guys slip through the slats
Of an Orwellian
This is what happens when you're born in the south
I don't know
Well speaking of which
You guys are like you're in the 30's
I won't portray your 30's
You're
That's the new young
You're being nostalgic
In this show for a time that didn't
Actually like
For me that's what
I keyed it
There's no guarantee that the person's in this room
Like they had no right to do that
Well he should have went out and fucking moved it
No because he might be
A block away
Oh
That's when I was like 10 years old
That's like filled with all these memories for me
But you guys are like
You know you're fondly recalling
A time in cinema
Really like it's like your favorite movies
When you were kids right?
Yeah I think it's just from
It's weird because it's part of it
Is our childhood we did
We're hanging out with our friends
On adventures and then the other
So that was a huge part of our childhood
And the other part was watching these VHS tapes
Over and over again
And so it all becomes like a blur
When I look back on it, it's just a blur
Those were my favorite movies and
Were they better then?
Because like so that kind of
I always felt like this thing is like
I felt like it was
The movies were better
They're always better
But you guys are younger enough than me
That weren't true
Because you guys would just be fondly
Recalling like clueless or something
That you'd be like that's R-E-T
And I'd be like okay
And feeling like a curmudgeon
Like I guess we just all melt and die
And think that when we were 10
There was a golden age of cinema
But you guys are kind of like
Confirming that in the 80s there was like a
Joy there, I think that John Carpenter
Really represents because here's a guy
Who did his own music for his own horror
Movies and like
That synth feel
That they live in
Yeah we didn't think about them as like
Old movies though
They felt very modern to me
I didn't watch the Goonies and I wasn't like
Oh this is like an old movie
It felt very current to me
So I didn't differentiate, the only thing
That it didn't experience it theatrically
That was the only thing but it felt very
It felt very new to me
Did you ever become conscious
Like I think we're 80s files
No
No, not at all
Short answer
It makes me nervous actually being associated
I feel like a lot of people know a lot
More about it than we do
Winona knows a lot more than we do
She's like it wasn't like this
Just keep talking
You're on camera
She knows so much
She's in the rear
I feel like I know a lot of movies
I don't know what the hell she's taught
She's talking about an IMDb
Or whatever it has like 700 votes
It's like no one has seen it
Except Winona
She watches so much
Most of it's like 80s to 90
It's like weird
I don't know if you'd even know
Audrey Rose, she's obsessed with this
Anthony Hopkins thing
It's like an exorcist rip off
That they didn't aid you
Audrey Rose
I want to watch Audrey Rose
And it was like that for three months
And I finally watched it
I don't know
If she says you gotta watch Martin Scorsese
Dracula, say no
That's a good soundtrack though
What's Matthew Modine like?
He gave the weirdest interview yesterday
It was like in Forbes
And he was talking about how upset he was
That people were calling him evil
Because of the character he played in this show
Because when we were shooting the show
I just let him
He thought he was being sympathetic
Like he thought he was
But everything he was doing that he thought was sympathetic
Was really creepy
And so we just let it go
Like
With 11
When he touches her nose
And Ross and I just looked
Ooh
And we're like yeah let's go
Let's do it
It wasn't a direction
No
He just said no
I'm going to touch her nose like this
And we're like haha
And then we do the first take and he does it
And we're like oh shit
That was actually
He wasn't joking around
Because he has like so
And I know he was concerned
About the whole thing
He doesn't have a lot
And so it's him finding these
He's making these weird choices
Anytime he's on screen
Because he knows he only has
Like I was like what is that accent you're doing
He's like I don't know
I'm not doing an accent
I'm like there's something
I can't figure it out what is it
He's like I don't know there's nothing
But like it fucking worked
It cut through
I want to hear about Matthew Modine
I was thinking like
If I quantum leap into Matthew Modine
And I look in the mirror and I see Matthew Modine
And I go oh boy and that's the episode of
Quantum leap I would spend that episode
I'd be like how the fuck
Do you break out of being Matthew Modine
Man it's like it's kind of like
An invitation to just like take it as it lays
Man
I want to think that he's like some kind of
Weird
He's really interesting and then
He's got some cool metal Jaguar stories
Because he was there for two years
You make a Kubrick movie you're like
A lot of people associate that
That was right when he was
The most desired Hollywood
He's gone for two years
You sign a new Kubrick movie you're gone forever
You sign your life away
There's no end date
I know the end of it Kubrick says
Now put film in the camera
Did you ever hear that story
The shining
Shelly DeVall
Yeah by the way I meant
Francis Ford Coppola's Dracula
Right
I like it from the trains riding over
The top of the book but yeah
He made her do a thousand tricks
So she was going out of her mind
He talks to them he gets to what he needs out of them
He does it
Well I cut you off like no
I had something to say no I don't
You should have kept talking
What do you guys think of garage doors
So wait did his character
I can't even remember did he
Because I remember him being
Not as scared as he should be that his
Neck would get telekinetically snapped
Like I remember him walking
Down the hall and like and she's like
Snap snap and they're like
Their necks are like snap snap and then he's like
Hey take it easy
I thought she was going to do that
Wait no telekinesis isn't real
You can't pretend
You're like doing like the thing they did
On behind the scenes on gremlins 2
And they're like oh Mogwai wants his coffee
Come on don't insult us
Don't try to
Conjure that part of the 80s
Where
Savvy people at Los Angeles
She
Wasn't supposed to have mental powers
It's clearly a show about
A monster from the upside down
That's enough it was
Adding her was weird
She showed up she was bald she snapped
People's necks and we put her in the moon
You guys are kind of famously
I mean so what was
It's an overnight thing
I don't know if that offends you to say that
There's maybe a trail of like very hard work
I'm sure you didn't come out of a dumpster
And walk into Netflix but
It might be insulting to you guys
Who are these guys where did they come from
But where did you come from
Take us from birth to the night
Before you sell this pitch
From birth
Just real quick
We already focused on the birth for a while
Well we've always
Since I think we got
Our high eight camera
And it was third grade
And we started making movies then
And we always knew
We wanted to make movies
And then we went to film
So high eight was like
That's so analog
You're editing we had
You know we were playing Danny Elfman
Our first movie it was like a magic
The Gathering adaptation
Now Hollywood read them
They're like oh the fucking Duffers want to do
That was fourth grade
Or third grade
I don't want to do it now
But yeah so yeah and then we did that
When you guys edited with high eight
No we just cut in camera
And then eventually we got
Because there was like a dual
VHS editing thing
And then we went to school
I movie came out which was great
And you know we learned on I movie
And then we went to film school
And we made some bad stuff
And then we wrote a first script
Which got us an agent
Where was film school?
That was at Chapman University
Oh by the way we have a lot of
Columbia alum here
Columbia college
Where you and Andy went
Yeah yeah I dropped out
What you just heard was called
The Columbia
The Columbia Chair
They're a stealth college
Anyways sorry
I don't even know how we
I mean there's a series of rejection
It's series of rejection rejection rejection
I mean it's like even film school
It's like USC didn't want us
You didn't want us you couldn't get anywhere
So we wound up at Chapman
And we just kept writing
And we were like we need to write our way in
And get us anything
I think before we went to college
The sense of like we're going to make this
Amazing short film
And they're going to give us this giant movie
And then you swingers it
Yeah exactly
You know festival mindset
Yeah but then you realize how hard that is
How dead that game is
Every festival is rejected
The good thing is there's two of us
That we like delusional together
And then we just keep going at it
Yeah okay just push each other up
Bring each other down
And pump each other up
How does that work
Like how does that
Like if one of you is up
The other is it balances
Let's not get cocky
Yeah he's being obnoxious
or you're being a douche
Or you sounded like a douche
Or
That's not really nice Ross
I mean whatever
we do and then but you guys have had moments you you you got a season two or
there was must have been some moment when you went out to your black Volkswagen
oh shit and close the doors and both of you neither of you was telling the other
one not to get cocky anymore like you guys do you make out when that happens
I was gonna ask it did you guys ever jack off together okay it feels real
coming from us I guess this questions we don't have to wait for an answer the
answer is no I'm gonna wait I'm gonna be here all night but you get do you guys
collectively both go up way up and ever go away yeah I'd say so yeah I think we
go up and yeah yeah cuz it's toughs not going wrong is not going right we just
you know attack each other it's bad it's not I mean it's not I mean it
depends but this might be a I forgive you if you want to just lie about the
answer to this because it's like it's not a charismatic question to answer
honestly if depending on the answer because I was just having this
conversation with somebody else where I was I don't like like do you guys think
did you think before you cross that threshold where it was like all right
we got it now we're taking care of regardless of what's supposed to be
like this you'll be working for a while now you're fine and but before that
there's a time of like as most people experience it's like am I supposed to
we're not supposed to be doing this are we supposed to wash dishes in that phase
which is which most people experience for much longer of their lives than the
other stuff me included like I have more memories from that that time during
that time reward my candor during that time I just kept assuming it was gonna
work out yeah I say like it's like I like make fun that where we were
delusional with very delusional like you just knew I just felt that it was gonna
work you have to get there reach that I think actually the weird thing is the
six it only we've only found any success at all when it was pure panic because we
didn't know what else we were gonna do and we were out of money and it was just
like we're fucked and like I don't even think you know I remember like walking
my Starbucks and being like I don't those priests the jobs are like hard to get
man like I don't know yeah like that's everyone everyone's roomate Cody's
roommates job is she she goes to Costco and she she doesn't even work for Costco
that job's hard to get she works for a lotion company because she goes so she
goes to Costco it says like is one of those people at Costco that's like hey
do you want to try some lotion for free she works on commission like I don't
even know how it's legal like it's just sort of like like like she might make
zero dollars in a day like it's like anyways bad economy okay so or best one
ever but it's like fucking fragmented but okay why did I get too real of that
but I yes yes those fucking like like there's that I used to go like oh man
I'm gonna have to move back to Milwaukee and then I remember saying that out loud
to somebody and somebody's like is there someone in Milwaukee waiting for you to
come back and and I and for that time only I was like no what god no and I was
like but I just kind of kept it's delusional and I I can't figure out I
was I was in the shower this morning you're welcome and I was thinking about
that like I was like is that is that a good quality or a bad quality because
it's kind of like reconciling that with the whole kind of cultural awareness now
that we're having it's like we just fucking douchey privileged people it's
like that's that's just a symptom of luxury of like well yeah like you wait
a couple years and another white dude helps you out yeah I don't think it
happens like that let me be real clear here I think it's hard work and nothing
else no no handouts for anybody if your skyscraper is the second tallest now
just wait and one day it's gonna be the tallest and it's gonna be because you
worked hard because you sacrificed
knows what he's talking about I mean this guy he's like on two shows as an
actor he's executive producing and he's your chauffeur yeah the okay so you guys
are you guys are in the writers room right now working on season yeah so the
things that were allowed to know are because you would watch that I watch a
show called stranger things I watch it for 10 episodes it's serialized for all
I know in keeping with a John Carpenter tradition or something like that that
the second season is gonna be like hey it's called stranger things you know it's
like true detective and it's like like like all of a sudden it's like 1973 in
Detroit and they're like my name's my name's Roger McClintock and I've seen
stranger things than the case I'm on you know she says she's a witch but I don't
believe in the only thing I believe in is my revolver and everyone's either
booing or cheering but that's not the case I know that from talking to you
guys and the public knows you guys are like it's these characters it's Winona
and her kids and the and and now even stranger things will happen yeah we
wanted that we wanted to see it as like it's like a year later and we're trying
to treat as much as we can even though it's a scary word treat it like a
sequel just because there aren't very many good ones but the good ones are
really good right and so the hope is that you got to have a million stranger
things come down and then have space marines be like lock and load there's
20 upside-downs
why did she put her in charge
it's aliens
you guys know you watch Halloween and then you watch Halloween too when
you're a kid I mean you guys were kids when you saw it too I'm sure but when I
was a kid it was like it was happening kind of like watch Halloween it was like
the original it's like the birth of Michael Myers you watch Halloween too
oh it's the sequel it picks up where it left off but now it's killing people in
the hospital the scalpel and they watch Halloween 3 it's called season of the
witch and it's about like a microchip in the back of a mask and there's a mad
toy manufacturer that wants to enact a Celtic tradition and and you always
think when you're a consumer back then I was I was like how could they not
understand but then you but now you've probably already experienced enough to
understand like of course that happens because everything nothing happens like
the way it should like like the decisions that are made aren't happening
that John Carpenter did a an interview like he was like well we did Halloween
it was like this amazing movie our plan the entire time was going to be to
always do a new movie every Halloween that's all we wanted to do it was going
to be an anthology it was like he didn't he didn't even want Halloween to be so
successful that Halloween 2 was demanded to the point where I don't even think he
worked on it I don't think he was allowed to I don't even know like I like
that it was like like like oh yeah someone else will take care of this
cuz it's just fucking money is pouring out it's like when you hit oil and it's
just in the movies and it's just gushing out like where's all that oil going and
it's like yeah exactly motherfucker get some barrels over here that's what's
happening with you guys right I mean you can you could say yes to that without
vilifying anybody it's just like that is the state of the union like you guys
didn't expect yeah but like Netflix was they didn't invest in it going this is
gonna be a one-year like it was always gonna be planned to be you know keep
going right we had we had to go in with that mindset that it would be that was
that that was the intention but do you think keep going do you think that
their attitude changed at all about like like based on I don't even know well
who knows what numbers they look at but I don't know we don't know no we don't
know I mean they really honestly don't tell us and like so I mean we're just
trying to do I mean it's really scary I mean I don't know I mean now like a
never before have we been in a position where anyone cared about what we're
doing I realized though you know I mean like as it comes from much more pure
place and now there's like all this noise and I'm like you know I'm like
neurotic and I'm thinking about what other people are gonna think about it I'm
like that's bad that's bad that's bad I gotta have each other to turn to you
about that and then you know and then you know and then and then we're just
trying as much as possible just write you know what we think is cool and what
we want to see and not worry about like longevity or franchise ability or any of
that shit and just like just write a cool second season and then and then and
then worry about the rest later which is not necessarily how everyone wants us
to be doing it but I think it's the best thing I think it's gonna result you
know in the best in the best thing but I don't know because I see all these
filmmakers I admire and they mess up on sequels and and you know like Netflix
doesn't even like us talking about sequels because it makes them nervous
because there's so many bad ones so but but it's just it's not a tradition but
it's a TV show I mean no but it's not traditional though and that like it in
like it is built because it you know it built climax and it and it ends and the
main tension is resolved so so do you it's different do you think when you
say that they're nervous about the sequel thing do you think what what they
were more like the word it's the more like the word we like using it just
because we like seeing it as yeah this it's you know a new tension that then
also gets resolved there's always important to us like not to do the
killing thing in season one where it's like we'll just got will but oh he's in
oh no he got snatched away by larger demo go again you know and we got to go
get that it's like we saw that we want to do different we want to do new
different stuff you know and so I I don't know I don't know what's the word
excited about it as long as we're excited about it I feel like we're fine
we're good he described the worst version of the show the worst version of
season two as you see it in the eyes of the person that wants the worst thing
for sure like the thing that is your worst nightmare like it's sort of the
is the like because I love I love home alone one of my favorite right so but
when I was like a kid and home alone two came out I like I was like eight or
whatever I was like what the fuck is this like it's the exact same thing they've
just slotted in the pigeon lady for the shovel guy do you think that's bullshit is
that your worst nightmare that's the worst night is communicating like 11's
lost in the upside down they have to try to communicate with why not 12 you know
and when no one starts to communicate with magnets like that's like that's my
worst nightmare the show I'm not interested in that at all and do you think
I bet you can't answer this question honestly because it's like the question
I want to ask does it like do you actually think because I know Netflix is
justifiably like deified right now I mean they're like kind of beyond HBO at
their still going peak because at HBO you could kind of there was it was still
born from a non-silicon Valley model and so now like Netflix has combined the
prestige of HBO and the success of 80s NBC with the like fuck you we're doing it
different and we're not sharing our thought process of Silicon Valley and
it's kind of like terrifying and tiddling I love it like I love it it gets a
little boring hearing pitches like having a little shitty studio in Burbank
and every time you hear a picture kind of like so where should we take this out
Netflix yeah well that's like saying I'd like to be on TV please it's kind of
like back you're all of a sudden you're back to being ten years old but I think
it's a good thing and I anyway but but but I guess what I was gonna ask but you
can't answer this is do you really think that they do you think that they would
want to see that formulaic like plugged in thing or I don't I mean ultimately I
mean I do honestly they that they're they're banking on us and then like if I
make if I make an you know they're not they're not writing the show so if I make
I make you know compelling I make an argument I explain why we want to do
what we want to do they back us and so like and it's so crazy it's crazy they
back this in the first I don't know why I still don't know why so yeah I mean
yeah it was not because we we not only like went in and pitched it and say we
wanted to show run it we had no there's no reason anyone would let us should let
us show run anything and never show run or and then we never movie was literally
dumped like no one saw it like it's on I still don't understand I mean I think
I think Andy Dick had something to do with it yes there is no so they might
I love that I feel like they're route like I love the rebel spirit of it like
that they have I don't want them to lose it you know I so and I hope that they
don't I mean because that that's what I think it's given them so much success so
I just hope they keep doing it I have to keep making crazy fucking decisions yeah
like our show yeah and I don't know if they're that crazy I think it's a the
funny thing about TV that I've watched happen is that the definition of crazy
and like breaking the mold it it's practical it's it's it's basically
algorithmic because the algorithm of television until such times they make a
computer that can write and direct television the algorithm suggests that
the smart thing to do as like FX would say like like like like the guy who's
ass I kissed the most John Landgraf like when he talks about TV he goes like we
don't know how to make good TV we what we know works is statistically if you
just like make deals with people that you like and you kind of like it's like
there's no way you just have to like keep making it and then the good stuff
like works and the bad stuff doesn't it's like there's a it's the same as in
physics where it's like everybody worked from making weird shit up to justify
Newtonian stuff we like call Newton's laws the Nielsen's maybe and it's just
like well why is if an apple falls and hits your head which makes perfect sense
then how come when you turn a flashlight on in a train car the light hits the
thing of oh that's easy there's a boogeyman and then Einstein is like what
if blah blah blah and everyone's like no the and that's me Einstein the no it's
John Landgraf no it's I'm drunk where's Andy the anyways I like the
algorithmic I love the possibly apocryphal story of them going of how
Sikharj was like people keep you know they did a spreadsheet and it said
Kevin Spacey and and political thrillers equals blah blah blah that even if
that's not true I don't mind living in that one shit it I know I mean that's
before they buy that like they they run whatever numbers they run I mean I mean I
don't know what it is they're plugging it into something but isn't that what we
want though because we're not Jackson Pollock we want approval we want to and
we yeah yeah yeah we're good people like we punch this in and said oh this
would be good to write we wrote we're into whatever it no it was a stupid
thing to write really I mean you're writing a show about I mean no one
wanted to do when we're pitching this around you it's like it's their kids
and they're chasing a monster they're like so it's a kid's show I'm like no
it's not a kid's show there's also this you know what I mean like people that it
was hard for people to comprehend so it's not for us who was not writing it
from like let's sell this and make this hit show it's like let's just try to
write something that we want to see and then hopefully and then we didn't even
have whatever that Netflix we should take it Netflix we didn't even like I
didn't even dare utter it because like there's no way it just it just didn't
even occur to me that that could be a possibility which oh we should take
this and sell to net like I didn't want to be an asshole and say that it just
felt so unrealist we're in God's earth did you think it would I don't know
that's my point we didn't know God you guys instincts are terrible yeah do you
think there would be an ABC it's fucking goofy what did we I mean what did I
don't know really naive I don't know so how did you take it to Netflix what
you know well the weird thing is that we actually we because we were so not
established and then you know we were working with a producer that we liked
Sean Levy but he's a he's a film guys not a TV guy so it was basic it was a
terrible package who's a terrible television package and so we were like
let's go around to studios not actually to networks which you know they're you
know they're the like you know like for instance a company called MRC helps fund
House of Cards but they don't you know and then and then Netflix airs it they'd
help pay for it so we're like let's get one of these people and that'll make it
a sexier package and so we are going around doing that and then mostly we
were getting passes we're getting a few interests and then somehow Netflix heard
about it they're the only network or anything that we ever would that we
pitched in the whole time like it's just heard about it well no no no I have it
whenever I know cameras everywhere yeah what I mean it was specifically it was
like a TV agent like at a breakfast pitching other shit to in the Netflix
executive and him going oh we're looking for stuff so lucky they're like for like
young adults we're looking for supernat we like any of these films do really well
personally it was just yeah like talking about the shit in their algorithm I
think oh that they're looking for and he's like well I happen to have this
thing we have two studios who want it he's like give it to me now over the
weekend and then it happened really fast and I think it helped you know how
things work like you can't get that first bite but then once one person is
interested in suddenly like oh it's a thing right like oh people like this is
like it's legitimate like it's legitimate we hit because we had like 12
15 passes and then one person bought it and then suddenly I was like oh my god
this is amazing I was like it didn't change in a week like it's like someone
just liked one person so one person liked it and then it's a snowball yeah
and then and during that while I was having that snowball effect someone in
Netflix heard about it so what okay so the immediate audience here I don't know
if it's still a thing but everybody's going like okay so what do I do like like
and I never know how to answer that question well you you obviously you
make something that you love and hope it just gets out that's because for us at
least for us yeah for so long yeah we were no that's what you're saying we were
writing stuff that like we thought like we'd meet with these producers or what
not and they're like this is what we're looking for but the weird thing are no
activity you guys are directors and writers but you did come to a point
which is a little yeah there's a there's a there's a way to look at this in a
disheartening way which is that because directors shoot stuff and writers write
kind of documents suggesting you shoot stuff later and you and you guys made a
decision to pull out of the shooting of stuff which is that advice which is
channel 101 which is like hey man yeah do what you're gonna do if you're allowed
to do anything and me and me and me and you guys were like yeah let's not make
short films anymore let's like let's write scripts and that'll be the path I
don't know like it are we gonna tell are we telling these kids to go in their
backyard and shoot shoot home movies are we telling them to run over their
keyboards I mean I know that the simple answer is if you want to be a writer
run over your keyboards but you guys are our tours what tell the our tours what
to do I mean I know I think you do both I mean I think it's super I mean first
of all though I never understood that vice of like oh go shoot maybe you can do
it now but it was like oh you anyone can go make side when these filmmakers were
talking like anyone can go make stuff now so cheap it's like no it's not like
it's fucking expensive that always made me mad like you just go make some it's
like just to get good audio unit is expensive like it's expensive you know
audio and the lights and getting the people together and like it's it ends up
being like a big endeavor so it like always made me mad that's so easy now
with technology that anyone can just go out and make something it's like it's
not true and if you're not in individual effects which we're not we don't
know shit about visual effects like it's not you're not gonna make there's no
there's zero chance of making something that's gonna get you in the door like
that's just my no there's like those Sunday it's movies and shot an iPhone or
whatever like you can I think that is a route I think for it's a hard route that
most it does not it's honestly one of the hardest routes I think which is to
make those films and hope it gets into those festivals and hopes that the
percentage of that that is is so small so it was awesome doing a little bit of
okay but even like tangerine is like over a hundred thousand dollars I mean
it's not cheap it's not like that you know you don't have 20 you don't have
$50 in your pocket but I think what and what we realized is that in a part of
this was because you know when we were we're at Chapman you're going around and
we're interning at these production companies and you're reading these
scripts right and these are scripts that are from people that you know we saw
had representation a lot of this stuff was they were going to pay to write this
stuff and it's not very a lot of it's not very good a lot of these script in
Hollywood and needs content everyone needs content so it was us going if we
can teach ourselves how to do this then you know I think there's at least like a
cool be a crack in the door that we can get through I do really believe and
maybe it's super nice but I feel like if you because the minute we once we wrote
something I actually deep down thought was actually okay like it kind of worked
it's it ended up set ended up eventually selling which I could like please I knew
the other stuff that we had written like I knew I just knew I mean I just like
if I was really really honest when I saw I knew it wasn't it wasn't good enough
and then when we and we got to that place and I thought it was good enough it
ended up selling so I feel like I feel like if you if you fail enough and you
yeah you try enough and I don't know that's at least that's what worked for
us I mean we we we we fumbled around for so long so we're saying that the
internet is has become such a glut that actually truly and I'm I'm not gonna
agree with this yet but but but what's on the table is the idea that whereas in
19 or a little 2002 when I was spouting at the most like you know you want to
make a TV show you have a camera in your pocket grab it fuck the audio make the
TV show put it online keep doing it keep doing it keep doing it talent will
out that we've actually hit a point maybe the the theory would be we've had a
point where it's like there's too much shit and the internet is oxygen it is
just the air around us and and it's no more shocking that anybody in this room
is it knows how to make a video about two people farting and and flying in the
flying saucer then it is to digit like it's it doesn't matter there's too much
shit to click on and everyone's got too much shit going on and like you like so
we focus on script as a document because it's sort of like part of the old
world and we like write up our idea of like fade in on this and cut to that and
this is our idea is that because the agency mechanism is still in control like
that it's still I mean I think that can where I think what you're saying I mean
I think people are doing that where they're making that stuff and it's
cutting through I just think it's so percentage wise right it's got to be
pretty well I mean because there's like you said there's just so much I don't
know what's going on on YouTube like I don't understand some of the stuff no
because you'll because I'm you know I'm not even on Twitter but on you know
we're sort of you know I was searching Twitter to see what people are saying
about the show and you know you click on these people and I got like okay 10
million followers I don't know who this YouTube star yeah so I feel like there's
a I'm sorry we should not be talking about we shouldn't be talking about it
yeah I don't know right yeah yeah maybe you yeah okay yeah we shouldn't be
talking about it I think the world agrees yeah let's all let's all stop
talking about let's talk about race I think that alright your eyes can really
pop up that was craziness oh how many well how many episodes you doing season
two nine okay which is weird but it's great it's a little warning shot what
what's a warning is it one less than the first season well no one more okay okay
it's a little gummy bear yeah it's a little nightquail yeah I don't know
where it's a weird time to be doing this because it's one of the first times
that I can think of that you can you can come up with an idea and you can go
well this is you know this is how long the story is it's five and hours and 30
minutes and 20 seconds and that's just how it is and you can actually you can
actually put that out and I don't know if I can't think of another instance I
mean usually you're you're writing to commercials or you're writing to you
know you know why are movies two hours you know is it like because you have to
pee I'm still trying to adjust all this because I yeah I just can't yes it's
yeah it's based on some kind of thing and that's the same with the 22 minutes
the 45 minutes I'm I I'm raised in front of cheers watching TV and so I come up
in the 21st century and I'm like this craftsman and I'm gonna I'm like like
oh this other show is shittier than mine because it's doing serialized
storytelling and that's a cheap tactic and that and now I'm in this world
where it's like hey old man like this isn't serialized hello and I'm like oh
sorry I'll try to serialize it for you but and that's I try to like shake it
like as I'm like eight feet it's it's sad if it just reminds me of like the the
SNL sketch where Dana Carvey was playing Johnny Carson in a post-Arcinio
world who had had his fingers elongated because Arcinio has long fingers so it
was called Carcinio and it was Dana Carvey doing Arcinio as Johnny Carson
and going like wolf wolf wolf wolf wolf that's how I feel when I think about
serializing something that I'm writing like oh this is gonna be binge worthy
and all this stuff it's like wait you I feel like I'm purposely I can't tell
when I'm stooping when I'm evolving and when I should just retire and like like
like it's like well if I that's serialization thing is like a big
fucking weird mind fuck for me yeah yeah but that's cuz you're growing I mean
because we just we're different because we grew up on and I didn't grow up on
watching much TV to be honest so we grew up on on movies and and movie
structures so that's kind of what I think that's what drew us to it and also
because the movie industry is so sad like we try to get into the movies and it
was just it was you know it's depressed a little depressing right now and there
was so much then TV and whenever we went to TV meetings or even not just with
producers who didn't movies and TV they're like well what are your TV ideas
because they need content so desperately breaking it up and yeah we're
just like yeah yeah that's basically I mean is that why the guy goes the cop
guy goes to the lab and then he's like oh man there's a lab here and then they
like knock him out and then he wakes up and he's like back to being a cop is it
that's more like us writing ourselves into a whole that's what I mean kind of
it's like he's like forward with that or the movie yeah really it's almost like
it's like for me I mean it's a learn of the rings like I was like learn the
rings great one book one movie three awesome 11 years of our lives and then
they're like now let's do the hobbit I'm like what it's three movies like so one
of your movies is gonna be about riding barrels like for sure and sure enough it
if I was like I was like watch out that's the barrel wizard what I'm the
barrel wizard would you like to keep riding the barrels but yeah it's okay
so well at the outset of season 2 do you guys do you guys did you because you're
already I did you do an hole like like okay here's what's gonna happen from
beginning middle end in the whole season and then you chopped it up like a
little pie yeah yeah you're pretty essentially yeah I mean but obviously it
of it just keeps evolving and changing as you're going because once you get in
there I mean what we found at least is I can't force these characters to do
something so sometimes we're trying to force someone to go in a direction and
it's like well they just don't want to do that that feels stupid and so then then
it just keeps changing and evolving but if we know where the end it where we're
going eventually that's that's the goal and the same thing with season 2 it's
just keeps it keeps evolving but we know where we know what that destination is
can I pitch you guys something yes you probably you probably don't like when
this happens but it's not like I'm a waiter I made community and I know you
don't want to be pigeonholed as the 80s guys but you know encyclopedia brown
cuz I just want to make encyclopedia brown but like Chinatown like like like
he's the smartest kid on the block which means he has ass burgers but he's and
he's like it's hard for him to deal with people but he can solve crimes and it's
like but it's hardcore like them so it's a it's like that he's like a kid
detective hey who stole your bike I found it out it's the mystery of the
missing bike and then like every good film noir movie he like some grown-up
comes to him in this garage detective agency and he's like you know he's just
stylistically like this is why it's up your alley you guys can it can be a
Duffer brothers thing I'll just write it like you guys can like I don't want to be
famous anymore I want to retire so like like you guys like it's a Duffer
brothers presents encyclopedia brown but for reels and and and so and so like a
grown-up comes in like Michael Madsen comes into the garage and then this like
good kid actor that you guys find and I don't have to deal with like like he's
like he's like he's like would you we don't get many grown-ups in here mr.
Smizzle Robert Smizzle would you like a drink I have a you know and cuz he lives
with his you know fucking encyclopedia brown don't give him any money like it's
like but it's based on that we'll erase the part where I legally left a paper
trail but like but he's like he's encyclopedia brown and and and and and so
it's like okay mystery of the missing grapes I got it well the grapes were
here and there's more him because the hose was out before and the okay good
job and you got that bike back and beat that bully here's your three carrots but
then he like gets a grown-up job and it's like clearly you know as in he shows
up and there's a fucking dead body like he's supposed to just go somewhere and
like oh I so I think there's a bike and I want you get back and there's like but
it's like a grown-up and he's like I need a kid there's like kid can get in a
doggie door I can't whether whatever his thing is and then but it's clearly he's
been set up like he's supposed to witness the he's like like he's being
used and he's been he's been fucking set up that's the threshold you cross
someone just fucked with encyclopedia brown and he's like fuck this like and
he has this like voiceover like I've know I always want to write something with
voiceover like but I there's it's not it's like I always hate it but it's like
I'll do I'll do it you guys direct it where he's like just like he's like
fucking somebody fucked with me today like and I had a deal with society it's
like I'd be smart and keep my head down and help them solve their fucking
mysteries and they wouldn't fuck with me but they just fight and they wouldn't use
the f-word this much it's not a David Mammet play but it's I'm just saying like
he's he's the outrage like he's like uncorked he's like he's like a super
genius and it hurts to be this smart he lost his parents it's like you ever see
zero effect with Bill Pullman like it's like like he it's like that but a kid
he's fucking mentally unhinged that's why he's so good at solving crimes it's
like criminal intent with denofrio like it's like he's fucking like he's kind
of twitchy and like and and there is like a girl like like like what was their
name like Kimball or whatever Kim but like like there was a girl in
Cyclopedia Brown who was like the muscle but was like also like his his like Watson
but she was kind of like like she also was bigger because girls mature faster
so she could beat up bugs meanie anyways but he's like you know yeah so
there's like a little love story to it but it's like so but I'm just saying like
fucking deep and dark like Chinatown like like like like Chinatown dark but
with a kid and he's like he's been sucked into a grown-up world of murder and
they're trying to play him and he's like I played nice fucking role and like now
I'm like now I got to use my own like detective skills to like play with these
grown-ups and it's like badass yeah like and it can be set in the 80s or not but
you guys will probably be like we can't cuz we don't be the 80s guys and I'm
like fine we'll do it like it follows where like it's kind of sort of feels
like the 80s but then someone's getting like a DVR or something yeah and you
guys can be like we're growing and I'll be like so like you guys are into it
we'll go to Netflix because every time I go there I can't I'm like buzzing and
I'm like it's Dan Harmon community and they're like I what I want yeah so if I
figure if I went in with you guys or you guys going with that idea have someone
else read it encyclopedia brown but there's like yeah there's a fucking pool
of crusted blood on a carpet on page 17 that's like and then and then it goes
now wow wow it says encyclopedia brown but for reals in red neon with a like
serif-laden neon font now you're into it that's good I get it do you guys like
lockout that space movie is like diehard in space oh the one that yeah they're
ripped off I guess it ripped off this game from New York they should they suit
them I don't know I mean if I won that yeah he won I know but that's kind of
weird to me like hey I didn't know if you can sue for that like I'd be in big
trouble like that's not like a Q&A with him and they were talking to John
carpet and he had someone were like what do you think about these you know all
these remakes of your movies it's like I love he loves them because he gets paid
like oh yeah so I'm with lockout he's like fuck this remade in for this like
you remade this pay for this oh that's why he's mad that's why he sued I'm sure
but it just okay yeah I don't want to knock his point of view or I just
didn't see it did you see it yeah I did and I thought it was just I pierced I
thought it was diehard in space I didn't I didn't really think I mean I
recognized devices used in escape from New York but I didn't think that those
devices were the light bulb I thought that they were kind of like I don't know
I don't know but yeah now I feel like I'm gonna get in trouble with people I
admire so I'll stop there if John carpet it's seen if you can rip off
encyclopedia brown I had a point where I had a meeting there was somebody
that controlled the rights to encyclopedia brown and then my agent at
UCA was like okay you're gonna meet her at the and I was like I came in and I
it was like 10 a.m. and I ordered a vodka on the rocks and they and she's
like you're you're drinking at 10 a.m. why and I said because I'm amazing and
then they never I was like and then I picked up a great take on encyclopedia
brown like the blood and the they never called back that's that's where I think
I think Bugs Meanie is behind it I think we can solve it
hey how are you I I don't know that much about the 80s yeah well yeah you do you
it's it's when you I stopped watching everything in the 80s I got out of my
parents house and I just started fucking so did you think what when the
when the Goonies and ET and everything was happening were you like this is a
golden age of cinema or were you like these kids are dumb dumb all right
two sides to every story well Duffer brothers are you plugging anything
skull juice skull juice say skull juice skull juice is coming out oh did we do
we need to talk about me undies or their pogo sticks or anything no we do not did
me undies drop us no no it's all fine okay we could uh we could everyone here
their skills though at advertise reading if we want to if we wanted to
because I don't want to threaten me undies if the relationship is good but I
do want to point out that that I mean they may think they have us by the
short hairs but their their product could be so easily pooped in just shit
your pants on stage is just be like our whole commercial in New York was about
people shitting their pants for it during the me undies and they loved it
okay thank God it's a great product yeah but you're you're you're 20 minute
commercial or whatever was the best thing I ever heard yeah thanks I'm not
just saying that because we're friends because I kind of you know because we're
friends I kind of hate you don't like a lot about me yeah all right well I
should probably do a rap yeah but like well like a sitting down rap oh shit
this isn't the return of sit-down rapper is it don't remember him or that thing
about he didn't care about your needs yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo yo oh yo
fuck yo no it's time self fucking in the head in the mouth
day I fuck your mama because my name is shea shea Johnson a new character
My name is Shane Johnson, I live on 3rd Street
I like to go to the haircut and beat street
I like to get my hairs cut on the side and on the top
And then I take them for a ride, say,
No, look how much short my hair's got
And the women say, oh man, look what you got
And then I say, you wanna smoke some pot
And they come back to my house and I say my soul's rotten
Cause I'm a depressed rapper
From the new era of hip-hopper
I'm gonna kill myself with my lyrical madness
Why are you calling me? I don't know why you don't call me
I don't know why everybody got a problem with me
I'm just a depressed rapper, I'm so depressed
God hates me, I'm so depressed
I'm a depressed rapper
With an auto-tune effect
Like all the rappers are
You don't hear anybody using this effect to say
Something cool, like, hey
I had a great day today
I really felt like I had a win
I had an audition and I feel like I'm in the system
No, I'm gonna wish them well
I'm gonna go down to New Ileens
And help with the Daxan bags
And know what I mean to save their lives from the fake coming flood
I'm gonna donate my money and donate my blood
Because I know that people need help
And I'm gonna go to the restaurant with a good Yelp score
Cause I want deconstructed lasagna
And some more
Full soup
Because I'm a rapper
And I've got a lot of positive things to say
No, it goes like this
I wanna kill myself
Why don't you keep me for fucking you on this shelf
I need to do pain to fuck you
Or I'm gonna kill myself
Why do you face make me feel like I can't feel my face
I'm gonna go to hell when I die
Cause I got problems, I got no more God
I feel so bad about myself
I feel bad, I feel bad about myself
But the Duffer brothers in the house
I fucked your mother till her pussy got tight as a mouse
Your mama's pussy stole some cheese from me
And I ran after it like a cat and it tried to fool me
Your mama's pussy ran into a hole
I reached my hand into it
And put a stick of dynamite in my hand
Dressed like a mouse
The dynamite was dressed like a mouse
Yelp, took it away
Yelp, I'm the emcee dynamite mouse
I'm dived, I'm dived
No, don't take it
For real, he made me come here
Yeah, it was an impulsive thought
He told me to come on the way over here and rap
I changed my mind
Don't make me get mad
Yeah, right
Fuck you
9-11
9-9-9-11
Don't forget 9-11
Yo, when those towers came down
My heart came down
My air to ground came down
But my heart was the tallest
And now it's the ballest
Yelp, I never forget
When I fucked your mama so hard
Her 9-11 gets wet
I made her pussy so wide
I flew two planes inside
Now she came and then she died
Yo, but then she went to
Oh shit, oh fuck
What the fuck, good shit
Goddamn, it was like a terrorist attack
Woke a sleeping giant
Yo, get the UN's consent
Before you invade a country
Thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
The Duffer Brothers
Give them a chance
Will you give them a chance
When you see their show on Netflix
Just give them a chance
Dustin Marshall
Listen to Skulljuice
Have a great night
Go listen to Skulljuice
Take care
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show